src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'DESTFILE'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:33:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'DESTFILE'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:58:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:59:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:73:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:73:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:79:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:79:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resource' (lines '83'-'87').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resource' (lines '83'-'87').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:83:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:83:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testClassesPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testClassesPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '103'-'105').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '103'-'105').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:107:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:107:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'binPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'binPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'klass' (lines '123'-'126').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'klass' (lines '123'-'126').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:128:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:128:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '136'-'161').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '136'-'161').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '136'-'161').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '136'-'161').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'current' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'current' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'merger' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'merger' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:148:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:148:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseExec' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseExec' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:152:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:152:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:159:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:159:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the provider field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the provider field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:164:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:170:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:170:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:171:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:171:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:174:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:174:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:177:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:177:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:178:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:178:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:181:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodDirectory
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:181:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodDirectory
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:186:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:186:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:190:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:190:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'failure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'failure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:192:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:192:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageGenerator.java:194:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'execFiles' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'execFiles' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:30:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/CoverageMerger.java:30:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeNextProduct': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeNextProduct': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFeatureSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFeatureSet': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTargetClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTargetClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBaseDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBaseDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProductDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProductDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestCaseDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestCaseDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestMethodDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IIterableSpltProvider.java:13:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestMethodDirectory': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestClassPaths': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTestClassPaths': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getClasspath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getClasspath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOutputPath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/IProductProvider.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOutputPath': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumProducts': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumProducts': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProductInfo': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ISpltProvider.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProductInfo': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the runtime field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the runtime field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:26:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the instr field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the instr field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:27:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the data field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the data field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:28:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:37:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this JMXConnector object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:37:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this JMXConnector object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:46:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:46:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:50:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:50:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/JacocoConnection.java:68:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the heads field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the heads field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the problemProducts field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the problemProducts field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:13:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the visited field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the visited field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the problemFeatures field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the problemFeatures field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:21:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:21:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:35:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:35:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:37:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:37:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '39'-'61').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '39'-'61').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '39'-'61').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '39'-'61').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:42:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:42:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Protected method constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bigger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'smaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'smaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:68:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:68:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:90:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:91:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductGraphAnalyzer.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=70, ATFD=29, TCC=7.609%)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=70, ATFD=29, TCC=7.609%)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:17:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notGeneratedYet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notGeneratedYet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generatedGraph' (lines '26'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generatedGraph' (lines '26'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generatedGraph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generatedGraph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:28:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:28:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'level' (lines '30'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'level' (lines '30'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distance' (lines '35'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distance' (lines '35'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notGeneratedYet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'notGeneratedYet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generatedGraph' (lines '47'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generatedGraph' (lines '47'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generatedGraph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generatedGraph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:47:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:49:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:49:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'level' (lines '51'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'level' (lines '51'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distance' (lines '56'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distance' (lines '56'-'62').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:64:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFiltered' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFiltered' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '72'-'76').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '72'-'76').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '73'-'73').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '73'-'73').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '73'-'84').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '73'-'84').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:75:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '76'-'76').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '76'-'76').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:80:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:80:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFiltered' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFiltered' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:92:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:92:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '94'-'97').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '94'-'97').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:96:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:96:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '97'-'97').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '97'-'97').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:100:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:100:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toFind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetNumFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetNumFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:127:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:129:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:129:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '134'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 136)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:134:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 136)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tcc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tcc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tmc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tmc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:154:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:154:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetNumFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetNumFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:164:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:168:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '169'-'170').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '169'-'170').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:169:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 170)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:169:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 170)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graphs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:179:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graphs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:180:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:181:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:181:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:196:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:196:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'numFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:211:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:211:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:214:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetNumFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:223:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:224:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:227:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:227:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFilter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:233:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'beforeFilter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '236'-'236').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '236'-'236').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '236'-'251').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetFeatureSet' (lines '236'-'251').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '237'-'240').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '237'-'240').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:239:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:239:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:240:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '240'-'240').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:240:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '240'-'240').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:249:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:249:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:253:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:258:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:258:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '259'-'261').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 261)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:259:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 261)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:261:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:261:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:263:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:263:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pcm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tcc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:275:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tcc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:275:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:275:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tmc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:279:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tmc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:279:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:279:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:283:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'toReturn'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:283:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'toReturn'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:286:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:287:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:287:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:289:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:298:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '298'-'299').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:298:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '298'-'299').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:298:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 299)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:298:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'numFeatures' is never used (overwritten on line 299)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:308:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '308'-'311').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:308:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '308'-'311').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '311'-'311').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:311:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numFeatures' (lines '311'-'311').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceToParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceToParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:325:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parents' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parents' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:346:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceToParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:346:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'distanceToParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:346:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:346:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:351:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:352:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:352:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseProducts' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:353:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:355:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:360:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:360:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parents' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parents' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:362:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:373:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:374:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:383:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:383:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:393:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:393:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generatedGraph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'notGeneratedYet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:394:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:404:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:404:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/ProductLinker.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:21:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_DIRECTORY_NAME
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:24:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_DIRECTORY_NAME
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productNum' (lines '27'-'31').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productNum' (lines '27'-'31').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productNum' (lines '27'-'43').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productNum' (lines '27'-'43').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetClasses' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetClasses' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '29'-'43').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '29'-'43').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathOfFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pathOfFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:38:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:38:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathOfFeatureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pathOfFeatureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:53:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:53:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:54:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:54:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outputPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productPaths' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productPaths' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:59:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:59:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '63'-'64').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'generator' is never used (overwritten on line 64)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:63:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'generator' is never used (overwritten on line 64)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thisOutputPath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thisOutputPath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:67:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:67:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productPath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productPath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '91'-'116').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '91'-'116').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '91'-'116').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseExecs' (lines '91'-'116').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'current' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'current' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'merger' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'merger' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseExec' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseExec' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:107:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:107:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:114:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:114:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '120'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '120'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:122:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:122:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:123:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:123:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the provider field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the provider field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the generator field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the generator field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:131:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the productNumber field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the productNumber field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:132:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'generator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:140:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:140:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:141:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:141:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:144:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:144:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:146:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:147:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:147:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:148:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:148:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:150:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodDirectory
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:150:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodDirectory
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:162:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:162:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'failure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'failure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:166:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/analysis/SpltCoverageGenerator.java:166:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like productCoveragePath
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like productCoveragePath
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoveragePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoveragePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:16:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coverage' (lines '16'-'18').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:16:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coverage' (lines '16'-'18').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:20:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:20:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'featureLocations' (lines '33'-'40').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:33:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'featureLocations' (lines '33'-'40').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocations' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocations' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:37:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:37:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'javaSourcePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'javaSourcePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:47:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:47:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:48:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:48:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'srcPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'src' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'src' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'files' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/AntennaCoverageComparator.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'expressionStack' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'expressionStack' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'expressionStack'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:15:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'expressionStack'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'featureExpression' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'featureExpression' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'featureExpression'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'featureExpression'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:33:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:33:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:36:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:36:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:43:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:43:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:46:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:46:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:52:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:56:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'leftExp' (lines '58'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'leftExp' (lines '58'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:64:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:68:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rightExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:72:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:74:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:77:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:77:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '83'-'89').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '83'-'89').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringTokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stringTokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:90:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:90:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:91:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:91:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:98:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:98:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:100:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:100:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:102:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:102:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:109:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:109:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:111:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'node' (lines '113'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'node' (lines '113'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'node' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:113:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:114:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:114:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:115:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:115:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:118:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:118:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:119:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'leftExp' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the value field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the value field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:130:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:132:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WrapInt constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:132:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WrapInt constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionParser.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:6:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:6:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:9:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bound' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:9:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bound' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:22:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:22:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:32:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:32:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:42:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:42:	AddEmptyString:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureExpressionTokenizer.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineEnd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineStart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sourceFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sources' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sources' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'feature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'feature' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:57:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:67:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:67:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:67:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:78:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:78:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:80:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:80:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureLocations' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureLocations' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lineNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureExpressions' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureExpressions' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like featureExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:86:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fl' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fl' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:90:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:90:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '93'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '93'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '94'-'103').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '94'-'103').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureExpression' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureExpression' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '97'-'103').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'max' (lines '97'-'103').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '98'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocation.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '98'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the logger field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the logger field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like javaSourceFilePath
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like javaSourceFilePath
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'javaSourceFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'javaSourceFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocations' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocations' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'infoStack' (lines '19'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'infoStack' (lines '19'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'infoStack' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'infoStack' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'javaSourceFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'javaSourceFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileReader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileReader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lineReader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lineReader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackedExpressions' (lines '26'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stackedExpressions' (lines '26'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackedExpressions' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stackedExpressions' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackedExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like stackedExpressions
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '27'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:27:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '27'-'75').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:40:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:40:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:40:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:40:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endLine' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'popped' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'elseExpression' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'elseExpression' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationInfo' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:78:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'line'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:78:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'line'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:83:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureExpression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/FeatureLocator.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/AndNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ExpressionNode' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=5)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ExpressionNode' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=5)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'left' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/ExpressionNode.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'right' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/FeatureNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/NotNode.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'expression' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'leftExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/antenna/model/OrNode.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rightExp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:5:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:5:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'separator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'separator' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classpath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classpath' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:14:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:14:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:15:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:15:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:16:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:16:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processBuilder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'processBuilder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'process' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'process' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/core/launch/CoverageGeneratorLauncher.java:21:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'productPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'productPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'classPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'classPath' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'folder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'folder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:34:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:34:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseCoverage' (lines '41'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseCoverage' (lines '41'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseCoverage' (lines '41'-'66').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseCoverage' (lines '41'-'66').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverageFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverageFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:68:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverageFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverageFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionStore' (lines '74'-'82').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionStore' (lines '74'-'82').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:74:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageReader.java:74:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:18:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:18:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this OutputStream object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:23:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this OutputStream object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '47'-'54').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '47'-'54').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:49:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:49:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:50:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:50:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/CoverageWriter.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'directory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'directory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:33:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:33:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSetFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSetFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '38'-'40').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '38'-'40').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reader' is never used (overwritten on line 40)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:38:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'reader' is never used (overwritten on line 40)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:40:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '41'-'42').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '41'-'42').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:41:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'line' is never used (overwritten on lines 41 and 42)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:41:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'line' is never used (overwritten on lines 41 and 42)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '42'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '42'-'41').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '42'-'53').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:42:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '42'-'53').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:47:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/FeatureSetGroupReader.java:47:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'read': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'read': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readAll': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/IFeatureSetReader.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readAll': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'content' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'content' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'column' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:9:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'column' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'headers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'headers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:19:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:19:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'columns' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'columns' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:42:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:42:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'column' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'column' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/MarkdownTableBuilder.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FEATURESET_FILENAME
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FEATURESET_FILENAME
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'execFilesPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'execFilesPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'folder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'folder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'productFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolders' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productCoverage' (lines '79'-'85').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productCoverage' (lines '79'-'85').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:79:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'productCoverage' is never used (overwritten on lines 79 and 85)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:79:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'productCoverage' is never used (overwritten on lines 79 and 85)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:85:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:85:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseFolder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:91:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:91:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testCaseCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverageFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverageFile' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:103:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:103:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testMethodCoverage' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverageFile
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverageFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverageFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'execFileLoader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionStore' (lines '128'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionStore' (lines '128'-'136').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:128:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:128:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseFolders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseFolders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:139:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:141:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The variable 'isFeatureSet' indicates linguistically it is a boolean, but it is 'File'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:141:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The variable 'isFeatureSet' indicates linguistically it is a boolean, but it is 'File'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isFeatureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseName' (lines '142'-'142').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseName' (lines '142'-'142').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseName' (lines '142'-'162').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testCaseName' (lines '142'-'162').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:143:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:143:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fr' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fr' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fr
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fr
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileReader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like br
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like br
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pairs' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pairs' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pair' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pair' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:157:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'loadClasses(String,String...)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:164:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'loadClasses(String,String...)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'directory' (lines '165'-'185').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'directory' (lines '165'-'185').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:165:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '166'-'177').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '166'-'177').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:169:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this URLClassLoader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:169:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this URLClassLoader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loader' (lines '169'-'171').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loader' (lines '169'-'171').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:171:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:174:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:174:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '177'-'177').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '177'-'177').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:180:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/io/SpltCoverageReader.java:180:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CoverageResult' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=2, NOAM=2, WMC=3)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:11:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CoverageResult' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=2, NOAM=2, WMC=3)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'analyzer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'analyzer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'coverageBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/CoverageResult.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'coverageBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like or
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:11:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like or
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:15:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:15:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:17:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:17:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mandatory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mandatory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'optional' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'optional' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'alter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'or' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'or' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like or
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/FeatureGraph.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like or
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getClassCoverages': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getClassCoverages': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getName': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addClassCoverages': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:10:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addClassCoverages': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTargetClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:11:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTargetClasses': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getScore': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComponent.java:12:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getScore': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getChildren': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getChildren': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addChild': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ICoverageModelComposite.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addChild': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:6:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:6:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/IProxy.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:4:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:4:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:4:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:5:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:6:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ISpltCoverageVisitor.java:7:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'visit': the method is declared in an interface type
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:30:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:30:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:31:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:31:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:47:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:47:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:68:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildren()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:68:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildren()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:84:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:84:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:88:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:88:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:102:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addChild(ICoverageModelComponent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:102:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addChild(ICoverageModelComponent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:111:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:111:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:119:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:119:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:120:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:120:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:130:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:130:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:145:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:145:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '147'-'150').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '147'-'150').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '148'-'163').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '148'-'163').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:148:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '150'-'150').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '150'-'150').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:153:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:153:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '156'-'159').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:156:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '156'-'159').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '157'-'163').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '157'-'163').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:157:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:157:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '159'-'159').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '159'-'159').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:172:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:173:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:173:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:175:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:175:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:175:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:175:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compareTo' (lines '177'-'186').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compareTo' (lines '177'-'186').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:189:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverage.java:189:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'classCoverages'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:16:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'classCoverages'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'productCoverages' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'productCoverages' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:34:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:34:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'productCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toCheck' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toCheck' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:62:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:62:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:67:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:67:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:70:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:70:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:71:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductCoverageManager.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visitor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ProductGraph' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=23)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:10:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'ProductGraph' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=25.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=23)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:37:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:37:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:42:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:42:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '70'-'87').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '70'-'87').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:70:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:75:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:75:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'findLineRatioWtihClassName(ProductGraph,IClassCoverage)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:89:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'findLineRatioWtihClassName(ProductGraph,IClassCoverage)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentClassCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentClassCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parentClassCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parentClassCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pcc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductGraph.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testClassPaths' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/ProductSourceInfo.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testClassPaths' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:50:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:50:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:59:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildren()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:59:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildren()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:67:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:67:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like testMethodCoverage
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodCoverage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addChild(ICoverageModelComponent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:75:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addChild(ICoverageModelComponent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:84:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:84:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:93:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:93:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:94:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:94:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:101:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:101:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:113:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:113:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:129:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:129:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '131'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '131'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '132'-'147').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '132'-'147').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '134'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '134'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:137:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '140'-'143').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '140'-'143').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '141'-'147').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '141'-'147').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:141:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:141:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '143'-'143').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '143'-'143').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:156:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:159:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:159:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:169:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:169:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:175:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:175:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestCaseCoverage.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tmc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'targetClasses' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetClasses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'testMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:52:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:62:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:62:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:70:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:70:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getClassCoverages()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classCoverages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:74:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'addClassCoverages(Collection)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:86:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'classes' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:86:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'classes' is stored directly.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:96:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:96:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:116:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '118'-'121').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '118'-'121').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '119'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '119'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '121'-'121').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '121'-'121').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '127'-'130').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '127'-'130').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '128'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '128'-'134').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '130'-'130').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'classNames' (lines '130'-'130').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:143:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName: The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:144:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:144:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:151:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:151:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'klass' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:172:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:172:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getTargetClasses()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:173:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:173:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'targetClasses' may expose an internal array.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:176:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:176:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScore()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'score' (lines '177'-'182').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'score' (lines '177'-'182').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'score' (lines '182'-'182').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/model/TestMethodCoverage.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'score' (lines '182'-'182').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:22:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:22:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'LEFT_TO_RIGHT'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'LEFT_TO_RIGHT'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:24:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:25:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:26:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:27:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like HIGHLIGHT_PROBLEM_PRODUCTS
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like HIGHLIGHT_PROBLEM_PRODUCTS
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:28:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "product" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "product" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_DEFAULT_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_DEFAULT_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_DEFAULT_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_DEFAULT_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_LIGHT_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_LIGHT_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_LIGHT_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_LIGHT_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_SHOWPROBLEM_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_SHOWPROBLEM_TOPTOBOTTOM
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_SHOWPROBLEM_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:36:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_SHOWPROBLEM_LEFTTORIGHT
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:41:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roots' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'roots' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:45:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:45:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roots' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'roots' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:52:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:52:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'visited' (lines '57'-'70').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'visited' (lines '57'-'70').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visited' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'visited' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:57:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:68:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:68:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawAllArrow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'drawAllArrow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'parent'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:72:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'parent'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like highlightProblemProducts
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like highlightProblemProducts
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'highlightProblemProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'highlightProblemProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:100:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:100:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:107:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'g' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like g
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:119:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:119:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the rootName field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the rootName field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:124:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the config field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the config field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:125:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rootName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rootName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/GraphVizGenerator.java:132:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the generatedClones field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the generatedClones field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:11:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:14:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '18'-'28').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toReturn' (lines '18'-'28').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReturn' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:20:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:20:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:21:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:21:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:21:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:21:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentDepth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'currentDepth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetDepth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'targetDepth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:38:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:38:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The method 'isGenerated' indicates linguistically it returns a boolean, but it returns 'ProductGraph'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:46:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The method 'isGenerated' indicates linguistically it returns a boolean, but it returns 'ProductGraph'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generated' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'generated' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/HierarchySimplifier.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the products field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the products field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:30:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:30:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:32:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'directory'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:32:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'directory'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:32:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:38:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:38:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:43:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:43:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitted' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '49'-'56').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkDirectory' (lines '49'-'56').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:50:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:50:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:51:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:51:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:52:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:52:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vectors' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vectors' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaccard' (lines '60'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaccard' (lines '60'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jaccard' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jaccard' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '62'-'67').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '62'-'67').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '62'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '62'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '67'-'67').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '67'-'67').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '67'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'similarities' (lines '67'-'79').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:68:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:68:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:69:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:69:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:75:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'builder'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:75:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'builder'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rowNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rowNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'similarities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'similarities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'columns' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'columns' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headers' (lines '89'-'92').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headers' (lines '89'-'92').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '90'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:90:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '90'-'98').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:90:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:90:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:92:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headers' (lines '92'-'92').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:92:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headers' (lines '92'-'92').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:103:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:103:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:110:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:110:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'existsFeatures' (lines '125'-'132').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'existsFeatures' (lines '125'-'132').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vectors' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vectors' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:126:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:126:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/MarkdownSimilarityReporter.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the vector field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the vector field if you want a default access modifier
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existsFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existsFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existsFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'existsFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '25'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '25'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '25'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:25:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '25'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hasFeature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hasFeature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '30'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '30'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '30'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:30:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '30'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '32'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '32'-'30').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '32'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:32:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '32'-'32').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existsFeatures' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:39:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:39:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dimension' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dimension' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:63:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/report/VectorAdapter.java:63:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:60:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:60:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like productSourceInfos
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like productSourceInfos
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:62:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:62:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testsPath1' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testsPath1' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testsPath2' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testsPath2' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:66:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:66:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet1' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet1' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet2' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet2' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:118:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:118:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:124:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:124:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generator' (lines '125'-'127').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:129:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:129:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testClassPaths' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'testClassPaths' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:155:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:155:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:155:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this JMXConnector object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this JMXConnector object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'proxy' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'proxy' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:163:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'junit' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '164'-'166').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '164'-'166').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '164'-'166').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forTest' (lines '164'-'166').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:169:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:169:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:176:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:202:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:202:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:203:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'FileNotFoundException' branch
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:203:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'FileNotFoundException' branch
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:205:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:205:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:210:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:210:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.printf is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:221:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:221:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:223:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:223:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:225:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:225:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:227:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:227:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:233:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:233:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'className' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:234:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'className' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:235:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:235:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue: Use assertEquals(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x.equals(y))
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:236:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue:	UseAssertEqualsInsteadOfAssertTrue: Use assertEquals(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x.equals(y))
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'binPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'binPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:249:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this URLClassLoader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:249:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this URLClassLoader object are closed after use
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/CoverageGeneratorTest.java:249:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:22:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:22:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:23:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:25:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 25
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:25:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 25
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "DirectedCall" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:26:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "DirectedCall" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons&DirectedCall" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons&DirectedCall" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:31:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:31:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:43:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:43:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:44:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons|DirectedCall" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "CallButtons|DirectedCall" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:52:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:52:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:56:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:56:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:64:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:64:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:68:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:68:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:71:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:71:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:75:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:75:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:76:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:80:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:80:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:84:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:84:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:88:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:88:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:88:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:89:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:97:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:97:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:103:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:103:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:105:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:105:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:113:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:113:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:117:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'inorder(ExpressionNode)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:117:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'inorder(ExpressionNode)'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureExpressionParserTest.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:14:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:14:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocation' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocation' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:22:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocation' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureLocation' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:32:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:34:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureLocatorTest.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:19:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:19:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'feature' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:20:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/FeatureSetGroupReaderTest.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:15:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:15:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heads' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'howMany' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'howMany' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:37:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:37:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:38:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:38:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'featureSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:46:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerFeatureHierarchizeTest.java:46:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=57, ATFD=58, TCC=2.381%)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=57, ATFD=58, TCC=2.381%)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LinkerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'LinkerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:23:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'count'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'count'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'notEnough'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'notEnough'
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'criteria'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:28:	UnusedPrivateField:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'criteria'.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:37:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:37:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:49:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:49:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:61:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:61:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:73:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:73:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:85:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:85:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:85:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:97:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:97:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:97:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:109:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:109:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:121:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:121:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:121:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:134:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:134:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:146:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:146:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:158:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:158:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:170:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:170:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:180:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:180:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:185:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:185:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:187:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:187:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'graph' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:192:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:192:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:193:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitGraphRecur' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'visitGraphRecur' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'visitGraphRecur(ProductGraph)' has an NPath complexity of 240, current threshold is 200
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:196:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'visitGraphRecur(ProductGraph)' has an NPath complexity of 240, current threshold is 200
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:198:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:198:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:201:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ratioSum' (lines '201'-'254').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:201:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ratioSum' (lines '201'-'254').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:203:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:203:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:204:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:204:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:205:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:205:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:206:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:206:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:207:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:207:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:209:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:209:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:210:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:213:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:216:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:216:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:217:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:219:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:219:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "%.1f" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 220
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "%.1f" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 220
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:220:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:223:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:223:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:223:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:225:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:225:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:225:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:225:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:226:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:226:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:227:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:227:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:228:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:228:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:230:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:230:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:232:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:232:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:233:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:233:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:238:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:239:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:239:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:241:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:241:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:241:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:241:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:243:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:243:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:244:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:244:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentMap' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentMap' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:256:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:256:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '257'-'280').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '257'-'280').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:260:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:260:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:260:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:260:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:262:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:264:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:264:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'classCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:266:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isProblem' (lines '266'-'271').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:266:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isProblem' (lines '266'-'271').
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'different' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:277:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:277:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:277:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:277:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:282:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:284:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:284:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:286:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:286:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:286:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:286:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:291:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:297:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:300:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:300:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:301:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:301:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ccs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ccs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'className' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:315:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'graph' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:321:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:323:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:323:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:325:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:325:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:327:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentClassCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parentClassCoverages' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parentClassCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:330:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like parentClassCoverages
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:333:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:336:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:336:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:342:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:342:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'featureSet' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:344:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:344:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:346:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:346:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:348:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/LinkerTest.java:348:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:19:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:29:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:49:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:59:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:69:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:79:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:89:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:89:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:89:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:106:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:106:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:109:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:109:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:113:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:113:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'analyzer' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'analyzer' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'problem' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'problem' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:117:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:117:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:120:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:123:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:123:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:125:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:127:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:127:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:129:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/PGAnalyzerTest.java:129:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:15:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:15:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:20:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:20:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reporter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/SimilarityReporterTest.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reporter' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:19:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:29:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:59:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	DetachedTestCase:	DetachedTestCase: Probable detached JUnit test case.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:69:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:79:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:79:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'classDirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:94:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:94:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heads' could be declared final
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:99:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/lab/square/spltcoverage/test/VizGeneratorTest.java:99:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
